what's up conspirators how are things on
your end of the video today the viral
video comes to us well from the United
States and it's about well a son-in-law
coming home now the setup is a dad your
father-in-law is talking on the phone
when he walks in the door kind of on a
business call and the son-in-law is
sitting on a couch like waiting to
surprise him and yeah well let's just
say that there's a lot of water works
involved but it's funny nonetheless now
I didn't know that this meme was
actually big enough as it really is
apparently military personnel were
people who travel overseas love to do
this a lot I know because I went to
Taiwan and videos somewhere in the blogs
of videos hundreds of videos that have
made I don't know where it is but
apparently the meme is when you come
home from an international trip you've
been gone for a while you tend to
surprise the family and you record your
reaction and put it on youtube now there
is this is actually a video where it's
from is a welcome home soldiers channel
I think but it's for all of the people
to post like their military family
members you know scaring other family
members because they're like home and
it's gotten a lot of press and it's got
a lot of youth so pretty good video I
don't get a kick out of it links down
below in a wrapper otherwise you can
click the red annotation tab that says
click to watch now to watch it be sure
to let them know two conspirators drop
by now for the conspirators info now
that we got to rid of all the trolls I
had to change up the intro I don't know
I'm testing it out I'm like switching
instead of like waiting to watch and
actually click on a video and my
thoughts and opinions on it till the end
when I put at the beginning what the
heck okay look at this
man I had wish had a book like that heck
I would have to paddle at all gosh
technology these days so it's an idea
that I'm considering is having all the
trolls and all the people who want to
watch the video i can watch the video
and then a conspirators can hang out
afterwards so what'd you guys do today
all right yeah gearing up for last few
weeks of school if you're not down the
school already all right how many of you
are graduating i graduated i'm done with
school as for what i did today nothin
but a normal day of work and i had if
you're wondering the vehicle of it I had
to take a different vehicle to go pick
up some food go figure because the video
the vehicles I wanted to use it was
being used duh yeah I'm making a lot of
songs a news videos is is wonderful
otherwise may or may not be watching
castle tonight season Sally I want to
see how that ends um would you guys do
today already asked you that like three
times publicity comments ah that's
really bought it just enjoying this day
let's just say tomorrow is going to be
freakin crazy you'll know why because
I'll tell you tomorrow but do you like
this style of vlog it feels backwards
and in kind of a way it is because doing
the viral video first and then talking
about the day you think that'll go off
well I don't know no you know so be sure
to share this video with some friend
conspirator remember we're trying to
grow two conspirators so every friend
that you showed a video and a viral
video helps show them this video so you
can watch the viral video and tell them
that you're part of conspirators Oh
interesting side note the minecraft
server that I own has had over 1,600
people visit yeah so if you play
minecraft or you don't you're looking
hang out with me I do a YouTube hang out
every Tuesday night 7pm sent your puter
we have a lot of fun just talk about
whatever so be sure to share this
video's friend computer pretty much keep
being awesome who do you like dirt outro
pro/5 out hey I'm telling you this car
is funny like I don't know I'm not done
yet I'm not done okay seriously this car
is so much fun to drive it like Susie I
got in it and it's like you're riding a
freakin boat and obviously when you're
in a boat you go you going really fast
and slow or whatever but with a heck
harris i'm on a boat like a boss wait a
minute internet means okay I'm done Oh
goodbye